Chuck Norris was once bitten by a poisonous snake. After a week of excruciating pain, the snake died.
When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, he had three missed calls from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its descendants are now known as giraffes.
Some kids pee their names in the snow. Chuck Norris can pee his name into concrete.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table because he only recognizes the element of surprise.
Chuck Norris didn’t call the wrong number. You answered the wrong phone.
Ghosts tell Chuck Norris stories around the campfire.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn’t turn the lights on—he turns the dark off.
The Swiss Army uses Chuck Norris Knives.
Chuck Norris can cook a minute of rice in 30 seconds.
The flu gets a Chuck Norris shot every year.
Chuck Norris won an arm-wrestling tournament—with both arms tied behind his back.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language.
Chuck Norris doesn’t flush toilets; he scares the crap out of them.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
When Chuck Norris does a push-up, he isn’t lifting himself; he’s pushing the Earth down.
Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.
Chuck Norris once ate a Rubik’s Cube and pooped it out solved.
Chuck Norris’s cowboy boots are made from real cowboys.
When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher gave him an essay titled 'What is Courage?' He got an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top.
Chuck Norris once shot down a plane by pointing his finger and saying, 'Bang!'
When Chuck Norris goes bowling, he strikes every pin in the entire alley.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a wireless phone.
Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in.
When Chuck Norris jumps on a Tempur-Pedic mattress, the wine glass shatters.
Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.
Chuck Norris has never blinked in his life. Never.
Chuck Norris once had a staring contest with the sun—and won.
Chuck Norris once rode a bull, and it was declared the 'Running of the Humans.'
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris once bowled a perfect game—with a basketball.
Chuck Norris can make onions cry.
Chuck Norris's house has no doors, just walls that he walks through.
Chuck Norris once arm-wrestled a grizzly bear. The bear's arm broke, and now it's known as the koala.
Chuck Norris can order a Big Mac at Burger King and get it.
The dinosaurs weren’t wiped out by an asteroid; they died of Chuck Norris’s roundhouse kick.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he turns the dark off.